batches: document how to ignore templating delimiters (#21790)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/batch_changes/references/batch_spec_cheat_sheet.md

    container: golang
    if: ${{ outputs.goModExists }}
```

### Write a GitHub Actions workflow that includes [GitHub expression syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/context-and-expression-syntax-for-github-actions)

```yaml
steps:
  - container: alpine:3
    run: |
      #!/usr/bin/env bash

      mkdir -p .github/workflows

      cat <<EOF >.github/workflows/lsif.yml
      name: LSIF
      on:
        - push
      jobs:
        lsif-go:
          runs-on: ubuntu-latest
          container: sourcegraph/lsif-go
          steps:
            - uses: actions/checkout@v1
            - name: Generate LSIF data
              run: lsif-go
            - name: Upload LSIF data
              run: src lsif upload -github-token=${{ "\\${{secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN}}" }}
      EOF
```

> Since GitHub expression syntax conflicts with Sourcegraph's own template expression syntax, the quotes indicate to Sourcegraph to ignore the sequence contained within them when evaluating the template. However, to avoid the shell also interpreting the GitHub expression as a variable when executing the script, we need to escape the quoted `$` twice: once for the shell script itself, and once to escape `\` for initially parsing the spec in Go.
> 
> To use the literal sequence `${{ }}` in another field of the batch spec that [supports templating](batch_spec_templating.md#fields-with-template-support), quotes are normally sufficient: `${{ "${{ leave me alone! }}" }}`

Reviewer: I'm not sure how deep into the weeds we want to go here, but this might be more precise:

```suggestion
Since GitHub expression syntax conflicts with Sourcegraph's own template expression syntax, including the expression again as a quoted string within a template expression means that the inner expression will be output as a string. For `run:` fields specifically, to avoid the shell also interpreting the GitHub expression as a variable when executing the script we need to escape the quoted `$` with two backslashes: firstly for the shell script itself, and secondly to escape the backslash within the template expression string.

To use the literal sequence `${{ }}` in non-`run:` fields of the batch spec that [supports templating](batch_spec_templating.md#fields-with-template-support), quoted strings are normally sufficient: `${{ "${{ leave me alone! }}" }}`
```

Author: I'm all for precision, thanks for the suggestions!
